After you clone the snake game from the GitHub repo,
you should have the following files and directories.
There's a CMake directory which contains
some files that helps CMake find the STL to library.
There's a CMakeLists.txt.
A ReadMe.markdown, a snake game
GIF which is used in the ReadMe, and the source directory.
Over in the source directory,
there are files to define four main classes used in this game.
There's controller.js and controller.CPP.
These handle user input.
There's game.h and game.CPP.
The game class stores the game state and also runs the game loop.
Here's renderer.h and renderer.CPP and this renders a snake game to the screen,
and they're snake.h and snake.CPP which defines the snake object used in the game.
Let's have a look in main.CCP.
At the beginning of main.CCP, we defined
some constant expressions which will be useful for the rest of the game.
In particular, we define the number of frames per second.
So key-frames per second.
The game is running at 60 frames per second.
We also compute the milliseconds per frame because we'll be using this later.
So that's 1,000 milliseconds per second divided by the number of frames per second.
We define the screen width and screen height to be 640 pixels,
and then the snake game runs on a grid.
So we define a grid of 32 cells.
So grid width is 32 and grid height of 32 as well.
Then in main, we create a renderer object with the screen width,
screen height, grid width and grid height.
We create a controller object.
We create a game object with the grid width and grid height,
and then in main, we call game.run which starts the game loop.
In game out run we pass him the controller,
the renderer, and the milliseconds per frame.
Finally, at the end of main,
we have some printout that prints
the score and the size of the snake once the game is done.